Why is the leaf less sour?
I will sour you jokes
I just want to sigh
Mr. Bi's money is probably going to be wasted
What do you mean by that?
Look at North America
Marc, the richest man, is developing new energy vehicles
You just follow along
Don't you see how considerate Marc is?
What are you?
He did his
I do mine.
I don't care what he does
The automotive industry has always been dominated by the West
People have enough capital to run over
You haven't started yet.
People's cars have already flooded into the building market
The car you built with all your money gone bankrupt
Can only be planted in the hands
Even you want to shake
The position of Westerners in the automotive industry
Marc moved his finger
It will let you die without losing your life
All of you here today
They are all top talents in Jiangzhou
Let me ask you something.
How many buildings have you bought?
How many Western cars are there?
Take myself as an example.
The biggest business for us industrialists is automobiles.
Western brands such as BMW and Benz
I have a bunch in my garage
But my family just doesn't have a car in a building
Why is that?
It's because the cars in the building are not as good as the cars in the West
worship foreign and foreign
What's wrong with me driving a domestic car?
You're talking about your car.
Little eMule
Haha you inferior
What qualifications do you have to play the car with us?
You can ask about our upper class
Which person went out in a car that was not a Western luxury car?
So what?
As long as I try to catch up
One day
Our domestic cars will definitely surpass their western cars.
Tang Bidangche's skin sweats
Song Yang, I know you have ambition
But you have to stutter.
The road has to be walked step by step
It's not good to be too high and not too far away
Aunt Li, you must trust Dad
Dad will definitely succeed
So Song Yang, you are still
What kind of car is that?
Let's go out and take a look